Add NetworkPolicy (#44)
DataDog/helm-charts: charts/datadog/CHANGELOG.md

# Datadog changelog

## 2.4.18

* Add NetworkPolicy
  Add the following parameters to control the creation of NetworkPolicy:
  * `agents.networkPolicy.create`
  * `clusterAgent.networkPolicy.create`
  * `clusterChecksRunner.networkPolicy.create`
  The NetworkPolicy managed by the Helm chart are designed to work out-of-the-box on most setups.
  In particular, the agents need to connect to the datadog intakes. NetworkPolicy can be restricted
  by IP but the datadog intake IP cannot be guaranteed to be stable.

>   The agents are also susceptible to connect to any pod, on any port, depending on the AD annotations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The agents are also susceptible to connect to any pod, on any port, depending on the "auto-discovery" annotations
```

Author: Done 👍🏻
